Under In heart Texas of Texas, where skies, where the wild the sun things dips low, play, The Longhorn's A campus spirit thrives, roams, with a in a heart that most wonderful glows. way. In West The University Campus' streets, where students of love Texas, a to roam, name so A bold, vibrant A tapestry weaves, of symbol of home and heart pride, of for all to behold. home. From From the the Tower's Tower stones, high, to the lake's calm to the lake's serene shore, The face, Forty Acres The Forty bloom, Acres whisper secrets, in a with life galore. gentle, peaceful Students stroll space. The and laugh, beneath the pecan smell of trees, Texas Their barbecue, wafts Longhorn spirit, through the air, As Longhorns gather, as with friends vibrant as who the show they care. In Gregory Gym's breeze. halls, where In McCombs athletes Hall, train and strive, Their sweat and the dedication, business forge minds a unite, spirit In Engineering, that the thrives. The McDavid Center shines, like innovators take a beacon flight. in In the Liberal Arts, night, A hub the thinkers for innovation, where roam minds and explore, take flight. Bevo's Each proud tradition, college a haven, of tailgating delight, Echoes for through the hearts decades, with a that joyous, yearn more. loud sight. In The Darrell K Royal Darrell Memorial K Stadium's mighty Royal roar, Stadium's Echoes roar, the fans' through spirits the soar, As the Longhorns streets, on charge game day ahead, on galore. Bevo's game proud steed, day with horn and galore. red Through laughter and tears, through coat triumphs shine, A symbol and of defeats, tradition, forever divine. The UT From Austin the family Hill bonds, to the in Drag, an unbreakable treat. the campus pulse beats strong, In A every melting pot corner of cultures, where of campus, a story unfolds hearts belong. In each year, Of UT Austin's halls, a story unfolds each year, dreams Of pursued, dreams of pursued, hearts that of beat, and knowledge hope that's shared, and hope held clear. dear.